Hello. Let's walk through how to get
Hello. Let's walk through how to get started on Ramp as a manager. You'll get
started on Ramp as a manager. You'll get
started on Ramp as a manager. You'll get an invite from Ramp via email. Click on
an invite from Ramp via email. Click on
an invite from Ramp via email. Click on accept invite to create your account.
accept invite to create your account.
accept invite to create your account. Once you log in, you'll land on your
Once you log in, you'll land on your
Once you log in, you'll land on your home page. This is your task list. All
home page. This is your task list. All
home page. This is your task list. All items that require approval, whether
items that require approval, whether
items that require approval, whether they are transactions, reimbursements,
they are transactions, reimbursements,
they are transactions, reimbursements, funds, requests, bills, or more, will
funds, requests, bills, or more, will
funds, requests, bills, or more, will all appear here.
all appear here.
all appear here. You will also find your own transactions
You will also find your own transactions
You will also find your own transactions that need your attention here.
that need your attention here.
that need your attention here. Managers and approvers can quickly
Managers and approvers can quickly
Managers and approvers can quickly toggle between all of their tasks and
toggle between all of their tasks and
toggle between all of their tasks and their own expenses by using the quick
their own expenses by using the quick
their own expenses by using the quick tabs on the top.
tabs on the top.
tabs on the top. You can also review approvals through
You can also review approvals through
You can also review approvals through the inbox tab for a consolidated view of
the inbox tab for a consolidated view of
the inbox tab for a consolidated view of pending items.
pending items.
pending items. On the right-hand side, you'll be able
On the right-hand side, you'll be able
On the right-hand side, you'll be able to view credit cards issued to you.
to view credit cards issued to you.
to view credit cards issued to you. Select your card to reveal full card
Select your card to reveal full card
Select your card to reveal full card details.
details.
details. Use the copy boxes to grab your card
Use the copy boxes to grab your card
Use the copy boxes to grab your card number, expiration date, CVV code, or
number, expiration date, CVV code, or
number, expiration date, CVV code, or billing address when making virtual
billing address when making virtual
billing address when making virtual purchases.
purchases.
purchases. When you click into the actions button
When you click into the actions button
When you click into the actions button on the top right, you have options to
on the top right, you have options to
on the top right, you have options to manage and protect your card.
manage and protect your card.
manage and protect your card. Depending on how your company sets up
Depending on how your company sets up
Depending on how your company sets up their policies, you may need to submit
their policies, you may need to submit
their policies, you may need to submit receipts, memos, and code your card
receipts, memos, and code your card
receipts, memos, and code your card transactions and reimbursement requests.
transactions and reimbursement requests.
transactions and reimbursement requests. As a manager, you have the ability to
As a manager, you have the ability to
As a manager, you have the ability to submit items on behalf of the team
submit items on behalf of the team
submit items on behalf of the team members.
You can complete all the required fields
You can complete all the required fields such as receipts, memos, or coding to
such as receipts, memos, or coding to
such as receipts, memos, or coding to keep expenses compliant.
keep expenses compliant.
keep expenses compliant. If a transaction is missing a receipt,
If a transaction is missing a receipt,
If a transaction is missing a receipt, memo, or accounting code, you'll be
memo, or accounting code, you'll be
memo, or accounting code, you'll be prompted to fill it in.
prompted to fill it in.
prompted to fill it in. Let's click into a transaction for a
Let's click into a transaction for a
Let's click into a transaction for a more detailed view of an expense.
more detailed view of an expense.
more detailed view of an expense. If you need to upload a receipt, you can
If you need to upload a receipt, you can
If you need to upload a receipt, you can click to upload here, or you can drag
click to upload here, or you can drag
click to upload here, or you can drag and drop. You can also submit receipts
and drop. You can also submit receipts
and drop. You can also submit receipts via text, the Ramp app, and via email.
via text, the Ramp app, and via email.
via text, the Ramp app, and via email. You can fill out your memo here and use
You can fill out your memo here and use
You can fill out your memo here and use the drop-down or the text field to fill
the drop-down or the text field to fill
the drop-down or the text field to fill out any accounting codes that are
out any accounting codes that are
out any accounting codes that are required.
required.
required. Submit your policy requirements with
Submit your policy requirements with
Submit your policy requirements with ease on Ramp.
As a manager on Ramp, you are able to
As a manager on Ramp, you are able to invite users to your team through the
invite users to your team through the
invite users to your team through the team tab. This is where you can also see
team tab. This is where you can also see
team tab. This is where you can also see everyone that will be reporting to you
everyone that will be reporting to you
everyone that will be reporting to you and can edit their profile as needed. To
and can edit their profile as needed. To
and can edit their profile as needed. To invite a new team member, click on
invite a new team member, click on
invite a new team member, click on invite on the top right corner. Enter in
invite on the top right corner. Enter in
invite on the top right corner. Enter in the employee's email address, select
the employee's email address, select
the employee's email address, select their manager, location, and department.
their manager, location, and department.
their manager, location, and department. Then select their role on Ramp and if
Then select their role on Ramp and if
Then select their role on Ramp and if they have a team reporting to them,
they have a team reporting to them,
they have a team reporting to them, toggle on will they manage others.
toggle on will they manage others.
toggle on will they manage others. Lastly, click on send invite on the
Lastly, click on send invite on the
Lastly, click on send invite on the bottom right to issue the invite.
bottom right to issue the invite.
bottom right to issue the invite. To edit a user, click on the user's name
To edit a user, click on the user's name
To edit a user, click on the user's name and then edit profile on the top right.
and then edit profile on the top right.
and then edit profile on the top right. Here, you can change a user's
Here, you can change a user's
Here, you can change a user's department, location, manager, and their
department, location, manager, and their
department, location, manager, and their role on Ramp. You can also lock all of
role on Ramp. You can also lock all of
role on Ramp. You can also lock all of their cards, deactivate their account,
their cards, deactivate their account,
their cards, deactivate their account, or permanently terminate their account
or permanently terminate their account
or permanently terminate their account in this window.
in this window.
in this window. As a manager, you can request additional
As a manager, you can request additional
As a manager, you can request additional cards as needed for yourself or for your
cards as needed for yourself or for your
cards as needed for yourself or for your team. Click on request and select your
team. Click on request and select your
team. Click on request and select your card type. Under who will be the owner,
card type. Under who will be the owner,
card type. Under who will be the owner, select either yourself or the team
select either yourself or the team
select either yourself or the team member you are requesting the card on
member you are requesting the card on
member you are requesting the card on behalf of. Enter the label for the card,
behalf of. Enter the label for the card,
behalf of. Enter the label for the card, limit, and a description of why you are
limit, and a description of why you are
limit, and a description of why you are requesting this card. Click on request
requesting this card. Click on request
requesting this card. Click on request on the bottom right to request the card.
on the bottom right to request the card.
on the bottom right to request the card. All requests for cards and
All requests for cards and
All requests for cards and reimbursements will show up in your home
reimbursements will show up in your home
reimbursements will show up in your home page and will be issued after approval.
page and will be issued after approval.
page and will be issued after approval. If your company has enabled
If your company has enabled
If your company has enabled reimbursement submissions via Ramp, you
reimbursement submissions via Ramp, you
reimbursement submissions via Ramp, you can request reimbursement requests for
can request reimbursement requests for
can request reimbursement requests for yourself or for your team members for
yourself or for your team members for
yourself or for your team members for any out-of-pocket spend or a mileage
any out-of-pocket spend or a mileage
any out-of-pocket spend or a mileage reimbursement by clicking on request
reimbursement by clicking on request
reimbursement by clicking on request reimbursement. An out-of-pocket
reimbursement. An out-of-pocket
reimbursement. An out-of-pocket reimbursement is when you've used your
reimbursement is when you've used your
reimbursement is when you've used your personal credit card or cash for a
personal credit card or cash for a
personal credit card or cash for a work-related expense and your employer
work-related expense and your employer
work-related expense and your employer pays you back. A mileage reimbursement
pays you back. A mileage reimbursement
pays you back. A mileage reimbursement is when you've used your personal
is when you've used your personal
is when you've used your personal vehicle for business-related travel and
vehicle for business-related travel and
vehicle for business-related travel and your employer pays you back for gas.
your employer pays you back for gas.
your employer pays you back for gas. Reimbursements are typically paid via
Reimbursements are typically paid via
Reimbursements are typically paid via direct deposit, so you will be prompted
direct deposit, so you will be prompted
direct deposit, so you will be prompted to add your bank account in order to
to add your bank account in order to
to add your bank account in order to receive the ACH payment.
receive the ACH payment.
receive the ACH payment. To add your bank account, click on your
To add your bank account, click on your
To add your bank account, click on your initials on the top right and then
initials on the top right and then
initials on the top right and then settings and then banking here. You can
settings and then banking here. You can
settings and then banking here. You can add your personal bank account details
add your personal bank account details
add your personal bank account details by clicking here.
by clicking here.
by clicking here. Let's submit a reimbursement request
Let's submit a reimbursement request
Let's submit a reimbursement request together.
together.
together. Once you click on request for
Once you click on request for
Once you click on request for reimbursement, you may be asked your
reimbursement, you may be asked your
reimbursement, you may be asked your place of residence to ensure compliance
place of residence to ensure compliance
place of residence to ensure compliance with local laws and accurate processing.
with local laws and accurate processing.
with local laws and accurate processing. After you provide that information, you
After you provide that information, you
After you provide that information, you will be able to select what type of
will be able to select what type of
will be able to select what type of reimbursement request you are looking to
reimbursement request you are looking to
reimbursement request you are looking to submit. For an out of pocket
submit. For an out of pocket
submit. For an out of pocket reimbursement request, you will be
reimbursement request, you will be
reimbursement request, you will be prompted to upload a receipt or you can
prompted to upload a receipt or you can
prompted to upload a receipt or you can select no receipt. You can drag and drop
select no receipt. You can drag and drop
select no receipt. You can drag and drop a receipt to auto-fill merchant, amount,
a receipt to auto-fill merchant, amount,
a receipt to auto-fill merchant, amount, and date or enter manually if needed.
and date or enter manually if needed.
and date or enter manually if needed. Complete the memo and accounting fields
Complete the memo and accounting fields
Complete the memo and accounting fields before submitting. You can delete your
before submitting. You can delete your
before submitting. You can delete your request or submit it. Otherwise, it'll
request or submit it. Otherwise, it'll
request or submit it. Otherwise, it'll save as a draft until you're ready to
save as a draft until you're ready to
save as a draft until you're ready to submit it. Let's submit a mileage
submit it. Let's submit a mileage
submit it. Let's submit a mileage reimbursement for gas now. Go back to
reimbursement for gas now. Go back to
reimbursement for gas now. Go back to your home page and click on request
your home page and click on request
your home page and click on request reimbursement.
reimbursement.
reimbursement. This time you're going to click on new
This time you're going to click on new
This time you're going to click on new mileage.
mileage.
mileage. Here you will enter your start and end
Here you will enter your start and end
Here you will enter your start and end location and add any stops if needed.
location and add any stops if needed.
location and add any stops if needed. Ramp calculates distance and applies the
Ramp calculates distance and applies the
Ramp calculates distance and applies the IRS rate automatically. Submit your
IRS rate automatically. Submit your
IRS rate automatically. Submit your request once all details have been
request once all details have been
request once all details have been filled out.
filled out.
filled out. Now you are ready to start using your
Now you are ready to start using your
Now you are ready to start using your Ramp card to make your first
Ramp card to make your first
Ramp card to make your first transaction. Thanks for watching.
